Move close button label translations inside the Dialog component (#2871)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/spicy-avocados-provide.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": minor
---

> Refactored the Modal, Popover, Toggletip, and DateInput components to leverage the low-level Dialog component for improved consistency and maintainability.

Reviewer: We can already use our new terminology here:

```suggestion
Refactored the Modal, Popover, Toggletip, and DateInput components to leverage the internal Dialog component for improved consistency and maintainability.
```

Reviewer: Should we also mention the SidePanel and SideNavigation components here?

Author: Good point 👍
